[EDGE] worker remembers maintenance on restart (#46416)
mistercrunch/Airflow: providers/edge/docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
---------

0.12.0pre0
..........

Misc
~~~~

> * ``AEdge worker can remember maintenance mode in case of shut down.``

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
* ``An Edge worker can remember maintenance mode in case of shut down. It picks up maintenance state at startup.``
```
